We feel blessed to be part of a brotherhood that imitates our generous God, Jehovah.
Year after year, you diligently give of your time, energy, and financial resources to support one another both locally and globally.
The governing body has asked me to convey their sincere appreciation for all that you do.
They feel as did the Apostle Paul when he wrote a second Thessalonians chapter 1, verse 3.
We are obligated always to give thanks to God for you brothers, because your faith is growing exceedingly,
and the love of each and every one of you is increasing toward one another.
Although the 2021 service year had its challenges, none of the disasters threatened the bond of faith and love we all share.
Your generous donations have played a part in strengthening that bond.
The article series, How Your Donations Are Used, has highlighted tangible ways your donations continue to support our brotherhood.
Note just a few.
Funds are being used to provide JW boxes in many kingdom halls where internet access is limited, helping hundreds of thousands to access spiritual food.
With the support of your donations, we have obtained legal victories, allowing many of our brothers who are part of indigenous communities in Latin America to worship freely.
And many of us have benefited from the increased use of video streaming and conferencing for our meetings and conventions.
We want to thank you all personally for what you've done to support these initiatives.
We especially appreciate that we have the resources available to help our brothers win disaster strikes.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, hundreds of thousands have received relief aid.
To date, more than $25 million has been approved to be spent on this relief.
What have been the results?
From two children, Hortresh and Yadidia in Central Africa ages 9 and 5.
Dear brothers and sisters from Bethel, I thank you.
Thanks to Jehovah, to the branch and to all who distributed food during the COVID-19 pandemic.
What you did is an expression of the loyal love mentioned in Lamentations chapter 3 verse 22.
It is because of Jehovah's loyal love that we have not come to our finish for his mercies never end.
My sister Yadidia and I thank you very much and encourage you to keep working in any service you are assigned such as translation, the laundry, the kitchen, and so forth.
Thanks a lot.
In Southern Africa, a congregation wrote the brand saying,
it is with great pleasure that we are writing you.
We want to express our appreciation for your support and the help that we received in December of 2020.
It is challenging for us to make ends meet.
We are struggling daily because of the high cost of living.
But despite these hardships, the brothers in our congregation deeply filled Jehovah's love.
We thank you for the relief supply of food and clean drinking water received.
Our source of happiness is knowing that we are not alone because we have Jehovah and the worldwide brotherhood on our side.
We are so grateful for your support.
Oh, evident, your donations to the worldwide work by whatever means.
Help provide this needed support.
What can we expect for the 2022 service year?
We expect the number and the intensity of disasters to increase as we move deeper into the final part of these last days.
But we see many positive developments on the horizon as well.
Under the direction of the governing body, we have been working hard on the Ramippo construction project,
which will be a site primarily dedicated to media production.
You may remember at the 2019 annual meeting, it was announced that site work would begin on this project in 2022.
We are happy to report that work on this site is well underway.
This will include completing an existing stone bridge, building new roads,
removing trees, digging and laying sanitary sewer lines, building retaining walls,
as well as the blasting and moving of over 1 million cubic meters of rock.
Additionally, a new entrance will be constructed along with widening the highway for safer traffic flow near the site.
And towards the end of the year, foundations for the residents buildings will begin.
We eagerly look forward to hearing good reports on this project as it continues to develop.
Like the Christians in Thessalonica, many of you support Kingdom interest financially while enduring your own challenges.
Paul commended the congregation in Thessalonica, and we commend you too, with his inspired words of 2nd Thessalonians chapter 1, verse 4.
We ourselves take pride in you, among the congregations of God, because of your endurance and faith,
in all your persecutions and the hardships that you are suffering.
We take pride in your loving work, your acts of faith, and your financial support.
Thank you for all you've done.